Ok thanks grandpa
Hahahaha
You you
I'm so unruly
I can't help it. He likes me like this.
Hmm, I like this, hey, you and
Do you have any plans after Ding Lang is well?
What was it before? What is it now?
I can't be a good wife and mother for him, can I?
After this woman gets married?
Still want to have your own business
After all, men are unreliable.
I don't want to look at people and reach out for money hahaha
Hey, that sounds very rich. Very rich.
Yeah, his money is my money
My money?
It's still my money
That
Having a baby
Follow fate, my own belly depends on my mood.
I listen to him
random
You're going to get mad, right?
Cut me out of the house
Take 50 million and let me go
Hahahaha
Our Shen family wants a granddaughter-in-law like you.